---
title: < a simple title that is less than 20 chars>
image: < a name of an image in the /assets/img/ folder including it's file extension >
permalink: < a nicely formatted relative url for the FAQ (no special characters or spaces, except _ and - )>
layout: faq (do not edit this field)
tag: < CONCEPTS, APPLICATIONS, or WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE? >
focusKeyword: < The search term that you want the post to rank for most>
imageSm: < optional - the name of a smaller image for mobile- should be same as image above but with _sm as a suffix before file ending>
imageMd: < optional - the name of a medium image for mobile- should be same as image above but with _md_ as a suffix before file ending>
learnMoreLink: < a link for further reading >
learnMoreText: < the title of the further reading resource >
weight: < 1 - 10 weight to show in list views >
---

Insert the content in an html formattted paragraph form here. Be sure to update links if the institute urls have changed. 

<!-- Example:
    title: What is a blockchain?
    image:  blockchain.jpg
    permalink: /faq/what-is-blockchain/
    layout: faq
    tag: CONCEPTS
    weight: 10
 -->

<span>A blockchain is a decentralized ledger that records all transactions. Each transaction that is conducted leaves a permanent record that can be referenced at any time. The structure of the blockchain allows these transactions to be self executing and immutable. Once validated, data is permanently recorded to the blockchain and cannot be altered in any way. </span>

<span>The name blockchain largely refers to the structure of the technology. Blocks contain data that represents transactions, and when a block is created or “mined”, all the data contained in the block is added to the chain. Permanently. All ledgers are updated to include this new data. When all of the computers on the network have the same data in their copy of the ledger, this is called reaching consensus. Blocks are then linked together to form a chain and can be referenced at any time, hence the name blockchain.</span>

<span>Because a blockchain is designed as a distributed ledger, many computers directly connect to form a peer-to-peer network. If someone wants to hack the network, they would have to maintain control the majority of the network for a certain duration of time. The chances of a successful hack are extremely low, which illustrates the security surrounding blockchain technology.</span>

<span>Blockchain tech can be used to manage to grant others access to your personal data. This has the potential to be a very important tool in regaining control of your digital identity.</span>

<h3>Learn More</h3>
<p>For more in-depth information about blockchain and cryptocurrencies, please be sure to visit out <a href="/downloads/">downloads</a> and <a href="/resources/">links</a> pages, and be sure to subscribe to our mailing list below.</p>

<p>For full course material and information about in-person seminars and training events please visit our <a href="/education/">education portal</a>. Our <a href="/courses/blockchain-101/">free Blockchain 101 course</a> covers all of this and more in great detail.</p>

<h3><a href="/education/blockchain-vs-cryptocurrency/">NEXT: Blockchain vs. Cryptocurrency</a></h3> 
