---
title: The Crypto Curious Course
layout: event
image: ccc_jan25_2020.png
date: 2020-01-25
eventdate: Saturday, January 25th, 2020 (10:00 AM - 2:00 PM)
permalink: /events/CCC_Jan25_2020
---
Scroll down to see photos from this event and <a href="https://weteachblockchain.org/crypto-curious/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">click here to find out about the next course.</a></p><h2>Details</h2><p>The Crypto Curious Course is a four-hour workshop with a simple goal: You will walk away from it understanding how transactions work on a blockchain and see the powerful potential of decentralized technology.</p><p>Learn about what Bitcoin is, where it came from and how blockchain and cryptocurrency are connected.</p><p>You will also get hands-on experience executing your own Bitcoin transaction guided by our instructors.</p><p><b>Plus you will learn:</b></p><ul><li>How to buy and use cryptocurrency</li><li>What makes Bitcoin different from traditional money</li><li>How to safely store your cryptocurrency</li><li>How Blockchain can benefit you and the world</li><li>How a Cryptocurrency Transaction happens 'Under the Hood'</li></ul><h2>FAQs</h2><p><strong>What do I need to bring?</strong></p><p>Just a note-taking device and a healthy sense of curiosity!</p><p><strong>What do I need to use the crypto ATM?</strong></p><p>A mobile phone number to create an account. (VOIP phone numbers will not work)<br />A $20 bill to exchange. ($20 is the minimum amount to make an exchange)</p><p><strong>Will there be a break for food?</strong></p><p>Yes, there will be a 30-minute break for lunch. Pizza will be provided.</p><p><strong>Where is the Class?</strong></p><p>Hosted by Blockchain Institute at Uptown's Hackhaus<br /><a href="https://www.google.com/maps?ll=41.966815,-87.658042&amp;z=16&amp;t=m&amp;hl=en-US&amp;gl=US&amp;mapclient=embed&amp;q=4649+N+Broadway+Chicago,+IL+60640" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">4649 N Broadway, Chicago, IL 60640</a><br />Conveniently up the street from the Wilson Red Line stop</p><p><strong>​How much does it cost to attend?</strong></p><p>The Course is free but space is limited. </p><p> </p>		
<h3>Thanks to everyone that made it out for the course!</h3>
Make sure to <a href="http://eepurl.com/gFnH09" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">join our mailing list</a> to be the first to find out about class dates and access to tickets.		
